white collar
Burning him
Don't worry, Big Zhou's luck hasn't dissipated yet
But to stop the natural disaster
Must overthrow his Zhou dynasty
Do you understand? White-collar workers understand
White collar, how dare you
You are my saint of the breeze
He is the head coach of Beijing.
They are my people
Hugh is going to be brainwashed by this monster
White-collar workers, do you want to rebel?
Aren't you afraid of the stench?
We nine clans
I won't let you do such a rebellious thing
I don't deserve to be a king
You are not worthy to be ministers
Delay my death
Then it's better than me to manage Chen Aiqin
I will make you a martial saint now
Kill him for me thank goodness
White-collar workers used to respect you as victory
Now I am Big Zhou Wusheng
Do you really think I'm afraid of you?
Just your brother, don't be stubborn
You are now helping the curse
shut up
I am the dignified king of Qi
Northern Jin God of War Great Zhou Martial Saint
Today I'm going to kill the demon girl for the heavens
Ah!
Tell the truth